CNV-78215: CQA: Changes in virt-disaster-recovery.adoc and included files (#109292)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-disaster-recovery-defining-apps.adoc

You can take several actions to improve your experience and chance of success when defining an {rh-rhacm}-managed VM.

Use a PVC and populator to define storage for the VM:: Because data volumes create persistent volume claims (PVCs) implicitly, data volumes and VMs with data volume templates do not fit as neatly into the GitOps model.

Use the import method when choosing a population source for your VM disk:: Select a {op-system-base} image from the software catalog to use the import method. Red{nbsp}Hat recommends using a specific version of the image rather than a floating tag for consistent results. The KubeVirt community maintains container disks for other operating systems in a Quay repository.

Use `pullMethod: node`:: Use the pod `pullMethod: node` when creating a data volume from a registry source to take advantage of the {product-title} pull secret, which is required to pull container images from the Red{nbsp}Hat registry.

[id="best-practices-rhacm-discovered-vm_{context}"]
== Best practices when defining an {rh-rhacm}-discovered VM

> You can configure any VM in the cluster that is not an {rh-rhacm}-managed application as an {rh-rhacm}-discovered application. This includes VMs imported by using the Migration Toolkit for Virtualization (MTV), VMs created by using the {product-title} web console, or VMs created by any other means, such as the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure any VM in the cluster that is not an {rh-rhacm}-managed application as an {rh-rhacm}-discovered application. This includes VMs imported by using the {mtv-first}, VMs created by using the {product-title} web console, or VMs created by any other means, such as the CLI.
```

Reviewer: this is out of scope and might be handled in another PR but just mentioning it
